>one day see all the
pineapples gone with a sign
that read
>we're outl we will restock
tomorrowl sorry for the
inconvenience
>think to myself how odd
>in the couple weeks they
were open here they were
barely getting business
>on my drive back to town
from myjob i see the
pineapple and ask myself
>maybe these pineapples are
good
>stop by and to my surprise
most of the pineapple are
gone
>ask the owner of the stand
lshort little sunburned manl
what's the craze about his
pineapples
>he says he has no idea
>says a couple of people buy
them in bulk everytime they
restock
